How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Isolating and indicating lines and columns that were different

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Understand the process of development and the changes that occurred to create improvements or bugs.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Programming is not completed word by word, thus constant saving may not result in functional code.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Many files make up an application and many may be edited for a single commit.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log shows previous versions/commits
    git diff compares two versions

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    It is very easy to revert to a previous version in case something does break.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Building a practice website and hopefully sharing/collaborating on code. Also, work. Because, work.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	Accessing prior versions allows you to quickly compare changes and functionality differences.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

	User error. If you forget to make a commit it is possible that your next commit is very large or work is lost.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Git is used for more complex applications and programming. Google Docs may invovle shared or related files, but their interdependency is usually minimal.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	git log: history. git diff: changes btwn 2 versions
